hey guys we're back again today I would
racing doing our 2015 yamaha r3 project
bike and today we're going to be
installing this gorgeous scorpion carbon
fiber slip-on it's a full carbon shell
aluminum end cap all your mounting
hardware
connecting tube easy to follow
instructions and this is definitely a
beauty too full straight through but you
do have a little insert in here that you
could remove if you want to make a
little bit louder exhaust quality the
fit the craftsmanship on this thing is
definitely top notch and that black
carbon it just looks great on a darker
color bike it actually looks great on
all the bikes but overall it's just
really really good good quality fit
finish and sounding exhaust and the nice
thing about the carbon is it doesn't get
as hot as the metals do so if you
somehow accidentally touched it with the
back your leg your pants your ankle
whatever it's not going to burn your
skin off like metals do it's hot but it
definitely doesn't burn your skin like
aluminum or stainless or titanium so
that's definitely an extra benefit of
the carbon
besides the look in the lighter weight
and we'll go ahead and show you how easy
it is to install this fire it up let you
hear it okay so first thing you want to
do is remove your stock muffler so
you're going to take an 11 millimeter
socket and loosen the clamp on the
backside of the muffler
okay and once you get that loose you
want to slide it off of the connecting
to
okay so next thing you want to do is
remove your muffler hanger bolt and you
do that using a 12 millimeter socket and
wrench
you
okay I just weighed this real quick and
it's six pounds even and compared to the
Scorpion this one's only three pounds
which is half the weight okay so the
next step is to install the link pipe
and the supplied clamp okay and as you
can see here a little trick that we
learned a long time ago was to take a
little a little bit of teflon tape and
wrap it around here and to see that will
seal the joint and yes that is the same
teflon tape that plumbers use so you're
going to slide the tube all the way down
until it stops and then hand tighten the
clamp
so next you're going to install your
supplied bracket using your stock nut
and stock bolts
okay so you're going to tighten that
down but not all the way so that you can
adjust the bracket as needed
okay so next we're going to install our
canister and just want to make sure
while you're installing it on the
connecting tube just to support it with
your right hand while sliding it onto
the tube line it up with your bracket
here and then you're going to take your
supplied bolt with this conical washer
just like so you're going to put that in
first then take your supplied washer put
that on
okay so now that you've got everything
put on you want to give it a little
wiggle make sure nothing's binding
really important to make sure that
nothing is binding so just give it a
little wiggle and then you can tighten
everything up okay so the next step you
want to do is to go ahead and install
your two Springs okay and the last step
is going to be tighten down all your
bowls
and the last one you want to tighten is
the stock bolt
okay so once you get done with that you
just want to double check everything and
make sure everything's tightened up and
then we'll fire it up okay so now we've
got the bike outside we're going to go
ahead and fire it up and this is going
to be with the insert inside
so now we're going to take the little
allen wrench and unscrew the insert and
see what it sounds like without that
okay so now we're gonna go ahead and
fire it up without the insert
you